Adding build developer documentation (#222)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/rawtoaces: docs/api/rawtoaces_core.rst

RAWtoACES Core
==============

The core library provides low-level functionality for spectral calculations,
color science operations, and data management.

.. contents:: Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Overview
--------

The core library (``rawtoaces_core``) contains:

> - Spectral solver for calculating IDT matrices from camera spectral sensitivities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spectral solver for calculating white balancing multipliers and input transform matrices from camera spectral sensitivities
```

- Database management for camera data, illuminants, and training spectra
- Color science utilities

SpectralSolver Class
--------------------

.. doxygenclass:: rta::core::SpectralSolver
   :members:
   :protected-members:
   :undoc-members:

Database Classes
----------------

> CameraDatabase

Reviewer: there is no such thing
